# on-the-shadows-of-history

“On the Shadows of History: A Day with Rizal” is an educational Role-Playing Game. The project is under the category of gaming development. It is made-up on a three dimensional environment. It was created using its own programming language that was created by the developers. It is an educational game 	that focuses on the historical artifacts and events of life of Jose Rizal.
	The game has full of adventures, challenges and sub-quest to solve, it showcases three major quest and these are: Childhood years in Calamba, Rizal in Ateneo and Last Hours at Fort Santiago. The story introduces the protagonist named Rozs, a typical student who loves playing computer and video games and not paying to much attention on his studies. Until he met an accident and a mysterious woman with a hi-tech Chronopad – that will change his life for twenty-four hours.
	The game was created using Visual Basic 6.0 and Direct X version 7 for its programming purposes. The software 3D SMAX and Poser 5 was used in creating three dimensional objects and environment as well on its animation. Through this kind of software it is very easy to create 3d objects and animation.
	The said project is intended for college students, specifically taking the course Rizal. Its purpose is not just only for fun or entertainment for gamers and users but also to educate them. The main objective of this project is to widen the ideas on the historical background that happened during the life of the national hero.
	Therefore, the proponents conclude that the project be developed by future researchers, for further enhancement and development.	

